I know you're here in town partially
asking people for money which seems like
you should stop doing you're only here
another tip to you it scares it is not
for me I know it's not for you one more
reason not to do it yeah you know we got
to keep folks going you know there's
going to be another election and and the
main purpose really is just to make sure
that people turn out I mean the last
election we had about a third of
eligible voters voting and you know just
trying to work harder to figure out how
we can get people engaged in here in LA
last week I think in something like 8
percent of the registered voters voted
it well when I talked about this at this
weekend at Selma you know you have folks
who risked their lives to make sure we
all have the right to vote and we give
away our power all the time and you know
everybody's so frustrated with
Washington including yours truly we're
all side by during busy with Facebook
half day I mean that's but but the point
is is that the reason Washington does
not work is because of 2/3 of 2/3 of us
who should be active aren't active and
as a consequence special interests and
big money ends up you know moving a lot
of the agenda and driving gridlock and
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel are you sad that the
video is over will subscribe to our
YouTube channel and you will never be
sad again ever